I can see the spreadsheet with book data. Let me analyze it:

The spreadsheet has columns: Title, Author, Genre, Start Date, End Date, Rating, Word Count (H), Days (I), and what appears to be a calculated value in column I.

Let me first extract the data clearly. I can see:
- Column A: Title
- Column B: Author
- Column C: Genre
- Column D: Start Date
- Column E: End Date
- Column F: Rating
- Column G: Word Count (maybe)
- Column H: Word Count
- Column I: Some value (possibly words per day)

Wait - looking more carefully at the columns and values, I need to figure out what each column represents. The column I values look like they could be "words per day" already calculated, but I need to check against howlongtoread.com for the actual word counts of each book. The spreadsheet shows dates and durations, and I need to calculate words per day using word counts from howlongtoread.com.

Let me dispatch tasks to look up word counts for all books on howlongtoread.com, while also extracting the exact spreadsheet data.

First, let me get the exact data from the spreadsheet and start looking up books on howlongtoread.com.

{
  "action": "dispatch",
  "subtasks": [
    {
      "instruction": "In the open LibreOffice Calc spreadsheet, please read and record all the data. I need to know what columns G, H, and I contain (their headers might be cut off). Click on cell G1, H1, and I1 to see their full content in the formula bar. Also note down all the data for each book (rows 2-11). Write all findings to /tmp/spreadsheet_data.txt",
      "display": 0
    },
    {
      "instruction": "Open Google Chrome and go to https://howlongtoread.com/. Search for the book 'Fire and Blood' by George R. R. Martin and note the word count. Then search for 'Song of Solomon' by Toni Morrison and note the word count. Then search for 'The Lost Symbol' by Dan Brown and note the word count. Then search for '2001: A Space Odyssey' by Arthur C. Clarke and note the word count. Then search for 'American Gods' by Neil Gaiman and note the word count. Save all results to /tmp/wordcounts_batch1.txt",
      "display": 2
    },
    {
      "instruction": "Open Google Chrome and go to https://howlongtoread.com/. Search for the book 'Out of the Silent Planet' by C.S. Lewis and note the word count. Then search for 'The Andromeda Strain' by Michael Crichton and note the word count. Then search for 'Brave New World' by Aldous Huxley and note the word count. Then search for 'Silence' by Shusaku Endo and note the word count. Then search for 'The Shining' by Stephen King and note the word count. Save all results to /tmp/wordcounts_batch2.txt",
      "display": 3
    }
  ]
}